# GitHub Search

This TypeScript project provides a basic reimplementation of Github's Search
feature using the public API without any authentication steps to be performed
by the user.

```bash
npm install
npm run build
npm run start
```

## Technical Decisions

1. TypeScript instead of JavaScript
2. React for the visualization library
3. Redux for the data-store (Flux pattern)
4. WebPack to bring it all together
5. Primarily targeting Firefox
6. Build the auth token into the source, but keep it out of source-control

### Optimization Decisions

1. This project does some pre-loading of user data to reduce some apparent-lag when
   navigating user-content.

## Security Note

This project requires that the search work without requiring end-users to
authenticate. This requires the use of an API key, generated by myself for
this project. This is suboptimal from a security perspective, but can be
mitigated by ensuring that the API key only has minimal **read-only**
permissions: `read:discussion, read:org, read:user`.

## Capabilities

- [X] As a user, I can search and see a paginated list of results.
- [X] As a user, I can navigate through the next and previous pages of the
      paginated results.
- [X] As a user, I see the total count of search results.
- [X] As a user, I see notable information for each search result,
      such as the description, star/follower count, profile pictures, etc.
- [X] As a user, I can select a search result and be taken to the applicable
      page on GitHub.com API
